Indicate the default thread value (#2375)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/get-started/connection-profiles.md

## Understanding threads

> When dbt runs, it creates a directed acyclic graph (DAG) of links between models. The number of threads represents the maximum number of paths through the graph dbt may work on at once – increasing the number of threads can minimize the run time of your project.  The default number of threads is 1.

Reviewer: updating pr to reflect new enhancement on threads

```suggestion
When dbt runs, it creates a directed acyclic graph (DAG) of links between models. The number of threads represents the maximum number of paths through the graph dbt may work on at once – increasing the number of threads can minimize the run time of your project.  The default value for threads in user profiles is [4 threads](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/Dec-2022/default-thread-value).
```

> For example, if you use the default of 1 (i.e., `threads: 1`), dbt will start building only one model, and finish it, before moving onto the next. Specifying `threads: 8` means that dbt will work on _up to_ 8 models at once without violating dependencies – the actual number of models it can work on will likely be constrained by the available paths through the dependency graph.

Reviewer: reverting to previous sentence seeing as threads default to 4 now

```suggestion
For example, if you specify `threads: 1`, dbt will start building only one model, and finish it, before moving onto the next. Specifying `threads: 8` means that dbt will work on _up to_ 8 models at once without violating dependencies – the actual number of models it can work on will likely be constrained by the available paths through the dependency graph.
```
